<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <title>DxE Colorado</title>
    <link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="76x76" href="/favicon_package_v0.16/apple-touch-icon.png">
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="32x32" href="/favicon_package_v0.16/favicon-32x32.png">
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="16x16" href="/favicon_package_v0.16/favicon-16x16.png">
    <link rel="manifest" href="/favicon_package_v0.16/site.webmanifest">
    <link rel="mask-icon" href="/favicon_package_v0.16/safari-pinned-tab.svg" color="#5bbad5">
    <meta name="msapplication-TileColor" content="#da532c">
    <meta name="theme-color" content="#ffffff">
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="main.css">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <script src="jquery-3.3.1.min.js"></script>
</head>
<body>
    <img src="dxeco.png" class="center">
    <h1>DxE Colorado</h1>
    <h2>The Coordinating Committee</h2>
    <h3>March Meeting Agendas</h3>
    <p>Although there are many things discussed at each Coordinating Committee meeting, these are the overall topics guiding discussion at each meeting during the month. As more specific agendas become available, we will make those public as well.</p>
    <p><strong>3/6:</strong></p>
    <ol>
        <li>Amendments to the Bylaws: what ideas were brought up at the March Chapter Meeting?</li>
        <li>Official Working Groups: which groups need to be formed, or are likely to be formed?</li>
    </ol>
    <p><strong>3/13:</strong> Agenda here</p>
    <ol>
        <li>Chapter vision, goals, strategy, and tactics</li>
        <li>Official Working Group formation: reviewing and discussing proposals</li>
    </ol>
    <p><strong>3/20:</strong> Agenda here</p>
    <ol>
        <li>Calendar: do we have an event calendar solution, and how is it working?</li>
        <li>Conflict management, DxE Colorado culture, and group dynamics</li>
    </ol>
    <p><strong>3/27:</strong> Agenda here</p>
    <ol>
        <li>CALF: organizing the efforts of grassroots groups along the Front Range</li>
        <li>ICAS Conference: are we, or how are we, collaborating with the ICAS Conference?</li>
    </ol>
    <h3>Meeting Notes</h3>
    <p><strong><a href="https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ZFQqzKqP3PoV-5jhZDRxSmTCSrn218jt?usp=sharing">Meeting Notes of the Coordinating Committee</a></strong><p>
    <h3>Meeting Information</h3>
    <p>Email the Coordinating Committee if you want to sit in on a meeting!</p>
    <p><strong>Time:</strong> Every Tuesday evening starting at 7 PM.</p>
    <p><strong>Location:</strong> Address here.</p>
    <h3>Other</h3>
    <p>Here's where info about the <strong>Coordinating Committee</strong> will go, such as <i>meeting notes<i>, <i>meeting times and locations</i>, etc.</p>
</body>
</html>
